Your Highness, I am not.
Don't listen to him.
Didn't you always want to be the boss of Nga Mi?
I will replace Nga Mi as the master.
Give the boss to you, I agree.
Oh, congratulations to Mr. Bach for achieving his wish.
Watch the White Sect Leader congratulate the White Sect Leader on becoming his concubine.
I am not his concubine.
The palace just happened to be short of a cook.
The person who came to arrest the King, the King, I am not.
I only know martial arts.
I can't cook, Your Highness.
The king is not well.
The Beg sect is in rebellion, the emperor tells you to go suppress the demon immediately.
Howl.
On the bed, the second level of the practice is cap.
This is not a good thing.
Not good.
My head is worth half the price.
Your Highness, wait.
I have something to say.
What, do you want to go with me to suppress the demon gang?
Believe it or not, I can suppress the sect without spending a single soldier.
Just give me a month.
Then let him go.
Just right to be my replacement.
The successful suppression is my credit.
Otherwise it could be his fault.
Within a month the head fell to the ground.
If you can solve it then you are my good friend.